What are you seeing in the clickstream
data? What are you seeing uh uh when you
get into the granular uh data uh and
analytics of these different sites and
what's happening?
>> Well, I think probably the most notable
trend for if you're in marketing or
you're just a business leader trying to
think of your or you know concerned
about your overall marketing strategy
and are you moving in the right
direction. We all know AI search is
growing, but a stat that might put that
in perspective is we've looked at many
websites that had flat organic traffic
year-over-year. And we looked at their
LLM traffic year-over-year. And even
websites that have flat traffic, so 0%
growth, still saw 10x LLM traffic in one
year. So even without clearly if they're
not growing SEO, they're not focused on
that expansion growth strategy. Even
still that it's a it's a rising tide
raises all ships scenario where
everybody's done some SEO is going to
feel this transition to LLMs, but uh the
websites that are actually growing and
actively growing in SEO, they are seeing
outsized results. So if you did nothing,
your traffic grew 10x. If you've been
growing in SEO in 2025, your AI traffic
might have 20 or 30xed. It significantly
outsiz impacts. See, what I'm I'm seeing
is like I felt like in January there was
like a long-term data uh like like the
long-term uh like history or memory of
the LMS got updated and I saw huge like
shots up of sites that were cate maybe
weren't categorized for different
things. So like you're you're doing that
expansion strategy to go after different
target personas like I'm seeing that
growth. I'm also seeing click volume
flatter down, but now we're actually
starting to see click volume increase
when we're focusing more on that kind of
transactional content. But I mean,
there's certainly a shift in how people
are searching and and that fan out of